= xamplr

xamplr is a set of software tools that supports development of ruby applications.

== Features:

  - supports Domain Driven Design in Ruby
  - persistence ignornace
  - clusters, entities, 'regular' objects, and repositories (corresponding approximately to DDD's aggregates, entities, value objects, and repositories)
  - different peristence techniques including filesystem (XML format) and Tokyo Cabinet
  - transaction support
  - querying 
  - fast development, fast execution
  - has been in use in commercial software since 2004, a Java version has been in use since 1998.

== Anti-Features:

  - absymal lack of documentation. If you are brave and willing to wade through (old) blog entries, you might try looking at: 

    http://recursive.ca/hutch/category/software/tools-i-use/xampl/

== Installation:

  The stable release is hosted on rubyforge as a gem, so:

      [sudo] gem install xamplr

  The most recent release is hosted on github, also as a gem, so:

      gem sources -a http://gems.github.com
      [sudo] gem install hutch-xamplr

  The most recent code is in the repository, so clone the github project and either
  use it directly (with a little fooling about with load paths), or build it as a gem
  and install locally.

== License:

For the moment it is AGPLv3 (see COPYING). An alternative license
may be negotiated, contact me. In the near future this license will be
relaxed.

Copyright Info:

Copyright (c) 2009 Bob Hutchison. See LICENSE and COPYING for details.

